the following was transcribed from audio and i think it got some things wrong particularly certain words. can you output a corrected version?: Okay, awesome. There we go. We got the recording block in the voice channel.
Alright, I'll just start.
talking, um, let me think. What have I been experimenting with lately? Um, it's been mostly.
my usual routine in like just getting sun immediately the moment that I wake up and then in regards to herbs I've been really
focusing on maximizing essentially mostly dopamine just so I can get as much work done throughout the day as possible because I've been working on getting a new
shipment to our oh my bad sorry if you heard that alarm let me turn those off real quick I've been working on getting a new shipment sent to the fulfillment center for Grimspoth to carry
And there's been very time consuming with trying to balance that between taking care of my family when they were sick. They're finally feeling better, which is. It's been a major relief.
on my shoulders but it is what it is it's life yeah I learned that it's just been the same
Some might expose myself to the natural weather, depending on the season. So, it's been mostly cold. There's been like, we'll get a week here and there of sun and warmth and then...
immediately goes to cloudy and fold. So I've just been swapping between that. It's been nice, but I'm just looking forward to the regular sun in warmth that comes with, or should be coming with...
Let me check the... Okay, so we got some questions rolling in. Yes, asked.
Oh, hold on, we respond to this decky guy. Let's see here.
Okay. Which herbs are your favorite for dopamine agonism?
um lately i've been utilizing uh... potu-abba bark blue lotus marappuama as like the foundation and then the supporting urbe
are things like Sumerute, Luthiro. I've been really enjoying that sabroxy herbal extract from a roxilum in the come that no tropis depot provides.
has, I believe it's called a Roxle and A as the primary constituent. It's been very useful. It's been very useful. It's like it's very similar to Kato Abu Bak in the
that it's like a very pure dopamine reuptake inhibitor but it also has some very mild GABA GABA A
negative allosteric modulation. So it reduces the sensitivity to GABA, to the receptors. So it's, it can be a little bit angiogenic or anxiety-induced.
in some people that are more sensitive, but that's balanced out by the bicaillin and bicellin, which are gabbit positive alosteric modulators. So they resensitize gabbit receptors to
your induction is gamma. Aside from that, I've been really enjoying that, it's a usual in my stack is the,
The pagan of harm all that I usually put into my herbal coffee 